well I'll be there internet people let's
bow again so today is still 2020 it's
still the year 2020 and we're about to
be reminded of that yeah
today we're going to talk about the
President of the United States Donald J
Trump and his warrants because that's
the thing now so we're going to talk
about that and we're going to talk about
a joke that is being played and how the
President of the United States is being
mocked on an international level okay so
the president and several other senior
administration officials have had
warrants issued for them
Iran has asked Interpol to help to help
in this endeavor everybody knows that
Interpol is not going to arrest a
sitting US president so what is Iran
doing they're making a joke they're
making fun of the president that's what
I think is going on the warrants are for
Trump and his officials for their role
in taking out sulla meny
that's what the warrants are for it's
been a while since that happened I don't
think it's coincidence that these
warrants are being issued right now at a
time when the president is being
questioned about his ability to take
care of US forces or his desire to take
care of US forces so they're making fun
of him the reason that this is funny in
a really weird way is that general
Soleimani once received a briefing about
threats to US forces in the same country
by the same people he did not look the
other way he did not ignore it he did
not forget that he got the briefing he
didn't pretend like he didn't get it he
didn't say it wasn't credible
he simply acted and provided specific
intelligence to the United States to
help mitigate those threats that's the
joke this is Iran's less than subtle way
of saying one of their generals was
better at protecting American forces
than the President of the United States
now the odds are that this is going to
just fly right over the heads of the
administration and probably most of
those people in DC but I have a feeling
that's why this is happening at this
specific time it's it's trolling on an
international level that's what we're
witnessing right now and it is rather
entertaining now people have already
asked like what's going to happen have a
clue there there's no role there's no
role precedent for this I'm fairly
certain that Iran knows that they're
never actually going to take the
President of the United States into
custody I'm fairly certain they're aware
of that it's it's a joke it's a
political statement
it's diplomatic protests on some levels
but mostly it's just making fun of Trump
to the entire world that that's what's
happening anyway it's just a fault Allah
y'all have a good day